# Reece Doyle T1A2 Portfolio Assignment 

## Index
1. [Published Protfolio Website](https://main--lively-starburst-c0200f.netlify.app/)
2. [Github Repository](https://github.com/reecewdoyle/RDT1A2)
3. [Presentation Video](https://youtu.be/C2e5m2Xio6w)
4. [Purpose](#purpose)
5. [Target Audience](#target-audience)
6. [Functionality and Features](#functionality-features)

    6.1 [Homepage](#homepage)


    6.2 [Bio Page](#BioPage)

    6.3 [Blog Index](#blog-index)

    6.4 [Blog Post](#blog-post)

    6.5 [Contact Form](#contact-form)

7. [Sitemap](#sitemap) 

8. Wireframes
    - Homepage
        - Desktop
        - Tablet
        - Mobile
    - Bio Page
        - Desktop
        - Tablet
        - Mobile
    - Blog Index
        - Desktop
        - Tablet
        - Mobile
    - Blog Post
        - Desktop
        - Tablet
        - Mobile
    - Contact Page
        - Desktop
        - Tablet
        - Mobile
9. Screenshots
    - Homepage
        - Desktop
        - Tablet
        - Mobile
    - Bio Page
        - Desktop
        - Tablet
        - Mobile
    - Blog Index
        - Desktop
        - Tablet
        - Mobile
    - Blog Post
        - Desktop
        - Tablet
        - Mobile
    - Contact Page
        - Desktop
        - Tablet
        - Mobile

10. [Tech Stack](#tech-stack)






## Purpose

The purpose of this website is to be a hub that displays the following information in one place:


 * My contact details
 * A contact form for people that want me to contact them
 * A bio page with a link to my CV that can be downloaded as a PDF
 * A blog page with a list of blogs
 * Five Blog posts


This website is also an expression of my personality. Every element of the website has something meaningful about me to display, from the colour palette to the intenionally humourous nature of the articles and lighthearted tone of the copy.


 [Back to index](#index)
 ***
 ## Target Audience

 The target audience for this website is potential employers in the IT industry. The goal was to be engaging and memorable, entertaining, and informative. I wanted display my level of competance and attention to detail along with an expression of my sense of humour. This is to commuicate that I can both be effective and pleasent to work with.


 [Back to index](#index)
 ***

## Functionality and Features
### Homepage
The hompage establishes the colour palette, theme and layout of the website. The features that are across all pages include:
- Favicon of "RD" used across all pages.
- Transparent Header with a Navbar and logo that links to the homepage.
- Transparent Footer with icon links to my LinkedIn profile, GitHub profile, and X page. 
- Background picture of Newcastle Harbour.
- Transparent white background for article sections.
- A circular image, which becomes common accross all images throughout the website.

Features that are unique to the Homepage include:
- Greeting section (which forms the basis for the article sections used throughout the rest of the website).
- Contacts section with my phone number and email address. The phone number should be clickable on most mobile phones. 

 [Back to index](#index)
 ***

### Bio Page
The bio page contains:
- A very tongue-in-cheek about section generated by ChatGPT detailing my past as a High School Music Teacher, Musician and my "side hustle" as a "friendly neighbourhood spiderman".
- A cirular portrait of myself that is also a clickable link to a PDF of my CV.

 [Back to index](#index)
 ***

### Blog Index
The blog index contains:
- 5 blogs articles as clickable links in list form.
- Each blog article has a picture, title, date, and subtitle.

 [Back to index](#index)
 ***

### Blog Posts
Each blog post contains:
- A large humourous image that adds meaning and context to the article.
- A satirical or article generated by ChatGPT.
- A Navbar to facilitate moving through the blog posts or returning to the blog index.

 [Back to index](#index)
 ***

### Contact Page
The contact page contains:
- A simple contact form requesting:
    - Name
    - Email
    - Subject
    - Message


### Sitemap

 [Back to index](#index)
 ***

### Wireframes

 [Back to index](#index)
 ***

### Screenshots

 [Back to index](#index)
 ***


 ## Tech stack


- HTML
- CSS
- SCSS
- Wireframes: [Balsamiq](https://balsamiq.com/ )
- Sitemap: [Draw.io](http://draw.io)
- Colour Palette: [Coolor.co](http://coolor.co)
- Deployment: [Netlify](https://www.netlify.com/)
- Version Control: [Github](https://github.com/)
- Code Editor: VS Code Editor
- Favicon Generator: [Favicon.cc](https://www.favicon.cc/)
- Image Optomisation: MacOS X Preview
- Slidedeck: Microsoft Powerpoint


 [Back to index](#index)
 ***